README.md, before:

# JournalTask AI - Setup & Deployment

An intelligent task management system powered by Gemini AI.

## 🚀 Local Setup

1. **Install dependencies**: `npm install`
2. **Configure API Key**: Create a `.env` file with `VITE_API_KEY=your_key_here`.
3. **Run**: `npm run dev` (Usually at `http://localhost:5173`)

## 🛠 Troubleshooting Error 400 (invalid_request)

If you see a 400 error when clicking the "Drive" button, follow these steps:

1. Copy the URL where your app is running (e.g., `http://localhost:5173` or your Cloud Run URL).
2. Go to the [Google Cloud Console Credentials Page](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials).
3. Find your **OAuth 2.0 Client ID**.
4. Add your URL to the **Authorized JavaScript origins** section.
5. **Wait 5-10 minutes** for Google's servers to propagate the change.
6. Refresh your application and try again.

## ☁️ Deployment to Cloud Run

This project is configured for Google Cloud Run. Use the following command to deploy:

```bash
gcloud builds submit --config cloudbuild.yaml .
```

Ensure the `Generative Language API` and `Google Drive API` are enabled in your project.

Commit message:

feat: Improve OAuth error handling and docs
Enhance error messages for Google Drive integration failures, providing more specific guidance for users. Update README to clarify OAuth configuration, particularly regarding JavaScript origins and test users, and streamline troubleshooting steps.

README.md, after:

# JournalTask AI - Setup & Deployment

An intelligent task management system powered by Gemini AI.

## 🚀 Local Setup

1. **Install dependencies**: `npm install`
2. **Configure API Key**: Create a `.env` file with `VITE_API_KEY=your_key_here`.
3. **Run**: `npm run dev` (Usually at `http://localhost:5173`)

## 🛠 Troubleshooting OAuth & Drive Errors

### Error 400 (invalid_request) or "Access Blocked"
If you see errors when clicking the "Drive" button:

1. **Origins, not Redirects**: This app uses the JavaScript popup flow. 
   - DO add your URL (e.g., `http://localhost:5173`) to **Authorized JavaScript origins**.
   - DO NOT add any **Authorized redirect URIs**. Leave that section blank.
2. **Test Users**: If your project is in "Testing" mode, go to the **OAuth consent screen** tab in the Google Cloud Console and add your email to the **Test users** list.
3. **Enable APIs**: Ensure both **Google Drive API** and **Google Picker API** are enabled in the same project.
4. **Consistency**: Use an API Key and Client ID from the same Google Cloud project.

## ☁️ Deployment to Cloud Run

This project is configured for Google Cloud Run. Use the following command to deploy:

```bash
gcloud builds submit --config cloudbuild.yaml .
```
